Can the rule of law be maintained in Hong Kong?
Will Thailand’s military junta give way to democracy after next year’s elections?
Will an increased U.S. commitment to Afghanistan be able to turn the tide against the Taliban?
Have Israeli politicians turned a blind eye to allegations of anti-Semitism against their American political supporters?
Is Egypt’s relationship with Hamas improving?
What explains the decline in Emmanuel Macron’s popularity among French voters?
Will Brexit fuel an exodus of talent from the United Kingdom?
Should wealthy nations bear the cost of rebuilding Caribbean island destroyed by Hurricane Irma?
Should the Chinese government cease its promotion of traditional Chinese medicine to its citizens?
Can Guatemala’s controversial corruption investigations succeed in making the country’s politics respectable?
Should Japan amend its constitution to develop an offensive military capability?
Should Aung San Suu Kyi’s Nobel Peace Prize be revoked for her failure to stand up for the Rohingyas of Myanmar?
Can Islamic State recover from its recent defeats?
What country is the best candidate for development of a union of liberal democracy and political Islam?
What steps must El Salvador take to eliminate its gang problem?
What must China and India do to resolve their ongoing border dispute in the Himalayas?
What accounts for the decrease in westward migration by Eastern Europeans?
What must be done to address the global shortage of primary care physicians?
How has Donald Trump’s presidency impacted the state of Asian security?
What steps must Turkey take to improve its rocky relations with the rest of Europe?
What must Germany’s Free Democrats do to regain a more influential role in German government?
What must the world community do to successfully counter North Korea’s nuclear and missile programs?
How will the entry of the FARC into Columbian politics change the nation’s political landscape?
What can Kenya’s political parties do to bring political stability back to the country?
Who will emerge as the next leader of the African National Congress?
Has Iran complied with the nuclear development deal it made with the United States and other world powers?
Is President Xi Jinping succeeding in reshaping the Chinese government in his image?
Are Western powers doing enough to support the fledgling government of Somalia?
With its decision to allow women to drive, is Saudi Arabia making concrete steps toward expanded women’s rights?
Can China and the United States unite to address the threat of North Korea?
Will Uganda’s president succeed in his effort to eliminate age limits on the Ugandan presidency?
Can Kurdish independence from Iraq be stopped?
Should ultra-orthodox Jews be required to serve in the Israeli army?
Can the Spanish government keep Catalonia part of Spain?
Does the United States have a coherent foreign policy toward Venezuela?
Is the United States exaggerating the threat to Americans visiting Cuba?
Is religion playing a disproportionate role in today’s Indonesian politics?
Is it time for Taiwan to declare formal independence from China?
What steps must the United States take to cool the conflict with North Korea?
Which of Europe's national leaders has the strongest claim to leadership of the larger European community?
What do the results of Japanese elections say about the people’s view of the nation’s leadership?
What steps must the Cuban government take to revive its economy?
How is China’s justice system doing more to bring the common person justice?
What can be done to bring unity back to the African National Congress?
How has Italy avoided being a victim of Islamist terror attacks?
What is to blame for the rising murder rate in Rio De Janeiro?
What must the Japanese government do to address the stresses caused by an increasingly aging population?
What can the government of Ethiopia do to counter ethnic tensions there?
What steps must the Palestinian Authority take to make sure cooperation between Hamas and Fatah continues?
What steps must the world community take to change the status quo in Eastern Ukraine?