Should the United States be concerned about the security of Russia's nuclear weapons?
What will be the impact of Russia's decision to leave the ICC?
How can the United States combat Russia's growing presence in the Arctic?
Will Vladimir Putin's crusade against opposition leaders backfire?
How has the rise of the Russian Orthodox Church impacted Russian politics in the Putin-era?
Is it in Russia's best interests to continue supporting the Assad regime?
Is Vladimir Putin doing enough to contain the Caucasus Emirate?
To what extent should NATO be concerned about Russia's sale of military equipment to Turkey?
In the long-term, will Russia come to regret improving ties with China?
Can the Russian economy maintain its military modernization efforts?
For the foreseeable future, is Putin's popularity at risk?
Will sanctions eventually turn Putin's inner circle against him?
What steps should Russia take to beat the threat of low oil prices?
How can NATO combat Russia's use of hybrid warfare in Ukraine?
How can Russia best take advantage of BRICS?
What can the United States do to combat its shortage of mental health resources?
What reforms, if any, should be made to Medicaid?
Will Congress pass an alternative to the ACA by the end of 2017?
How can states improve their healthcare delivery systems?
What can be done to expand telehealth programs in rural areas?
What would be the impact of cuts to Medicare?
What would it take for the United States to enact a single payer healthcare system?
How can the United States improve rural access to health services?
What steps should be taken to improve women’s healthcare in America?
How can the Trump administration revitalize the American manufacturing industry?
Is the Trump budget plan a practical proposal or a political pipedream?
How will tensions between FED chair Janet Yellen and President Trump affect monetary policy for the foreseeable future?
Is it too late to fix the wealth gap?
Should congress expand the Earned Income Tax Credit?
How can the US salvage Social Security?
Does rising debt pose a threat to long term economic stability in America?
How can traditional hotels better compete with airbnb?
Can the IMF prevent another economic collapse in the E.U?
What should Dr. Tedros's first priority be as the new director general of the WHO? 
How can the CDC curb America's opioid crisis? 
Should the Arab League continue to oppose Israeli membership in the U.N. security council?
Should the United Nations do more to protect the Rohingya in Myanmar? 
Can the WHO do more to curb Yemen's Cholera outbreak? 
Should the IMF do more to help Zimbabwe? 
Will Turkey’s involvement in Syria lead to armed conflict between Turkey and the YPG?
Is the United States an asset or a liability to Kuwait’s attempt to mediate the gulf dispute with Qatar?
Is NATO the best mechanism for Europe to combat Russian aggression?
Will the United States’ withdrawal from the TPP lead to the RCEP dominating the Pacific region?
Will the recent war games between the US, India, and Japan lead to escalation in the South China Sea?
How will increased democratic tension between Hong Kong and China affect Hong Kong’s status as a financial hub?
How should municipalities combat rising pension burdens?
Given current unemployment statistics, should the Federal Reserve adjust its goal of a 2% inflation rate?
How should the Federal Reserve system be reformed to increase influence of regional banks?
Should New York's proposal for free college tuition be replicated across the United States?
Buy, sell, or hold: Treasury bonds under the Trump Administration?
Will Tesla or Volvo emerge victorious in the race to perfect driverless cars?
Should Facebook continue its attempts to develop virtual reality?
If you were an investor, would you be bullish or bearish on General Motors stock?
Do declining commodity prices signal hope for the Chinese economy?
How should Zimbabwe combat hyperinflation?
What reforms should France make to its labor laws?
How can Brazil regain investor confidence?
What reforms should the World Bank make to its lending practices?
What can the United States do to combat its shortage of mental health resources?
What reforms, if any, should be made to Medicaid?
Will Congress pass an alternative to the ACA by the end of 2017?
How can states improve their healthcare delivery systems?
What can be done to expand telehealth programs in rural areas?
What would be the impact of cuts to Medicare?
What would it take for the United States to enact a single payer healthcare system?
How can the United States improve rural access to health services?
What steps should be taken to improve women’s healthcare in America?
Can the Sustainable Development Goals be met?
What political reforms should South Africa make?
How should Spain respond to the IMF's lift in its economic growth forecast?
Is the World Bank's issuance of pandemic bonds the right move to fight diseases?
What is the gravest threat currently facing South Sudan?
Will President Sisi's attempts to manipulate Egypt's election be successful?
Which of Amazon's innovative business ventures is least likely to succeed?
What steps can be taken to close the school-to-prison pipeline?
What can be done to better protect trans women of color?
How can local police departments best improve police accountability?
What will be the next battle for the LGBTQ+ community?
Is the Black Lives Matter movement losing steam?
What steps can be taken to reduce the racial income inequality gap?
Is the battle against affirmative action over?
What can states do to close the gender wage gap?
How can voter disenfranchisement be curbed for the 2018 midterms?
Are offshore wind farms the future of US energy?
What steps can the US take to better protect the US electrical grid?
How should Coastal Cities combat rising sea levels?
Is it time to Stop fracking?
Should the US re-implement an oil export ban?
Should Rex Tillerson return to a push for the Carbon Tax
What steps should the Filipino government take to reduce MILF recruitment?
What role should ECOWAS take in combating Boko Haram?
How can the ELN best take advantage of the FARC deal to achieve its military goals?
Will AQIM’s recent merger affect North African stability?
How should the Countering Violent Extremism program be reformed?
Should the United States designate the Muslim Brotherhood as an FTO?
Are China’s actions in Afghanistan enough to contain ETIM?
How will Chechnya’s crackdown on LGBTQ rights affect Russian national security?