Will the rise of artificial intelligence cause the loss of jobs or fuel the creation of new ones?
Is climate change to blame for the increase in strong Atlantic hurricanes?
Was FEMA adequately prepared to deal with the impact of this fall's hurricanes?
Is the United States military sufficiently capable of defending its allies from military threats?
Can state governments fix healthcare exchanges in their states without federal assistance?
Should local police departments be entitled to use military-grade equipment?
Can Congress and the President successfully implement an agreement to pass DACA legislation?
Should the federal government cut taxes on overseas earnings by Americans?
Can President Trump's new Chief of Staff bring order to a chaotic White House?
Should Jeff Sessions resign as Attorney General?
Is President Trump laying the groundwork for an Independent presidential bid in 2020?
Will Robert Muller's investigation of Russian involvement in the 2016 elections lead to the eventual downfall of the Trump presidency?
Should the CIA be granted independent authority to conduct drone strikes in Afghanistan?
Now out of the White House, how will Steve Bannon influence the trajectory of the Trump administration?
What steps can the U.S. Navy do to better protect its ships from accidents at sea?
How will President Trump’s pardon of former Sheriff Joe Arpaio impact his level of support in Arizona?
What can American schools and colleges do to support free speech while protecting student safety?
How will the failure of Congress to pass health care reform legislation impact the reelection prospects for Republicans?
How will California’s passage of a “sanctuary state” bill impact federal efforts at controlling illegal immigration?
What can American colleges and universities do to combat hazing among fraternities and sororities?
What steps can White House aides take to bring order to the President’s communications?
How will reductions in State Department personnel impact America’s ability to conduct foreign relations?
What steps must President Trump take to reassure his base that he has not abandoned their interests?
Which issue on President Trump's legislative agenda has the greatest likelihood of passing in the near term?
What steps must the Trump family take to reassure the American public that its business interests are disentangled from those of their father?
Should Rex Tillerson resign as Secretary of State?
Is Steve Bannon more powerful outside of the White House than he was inside the White House?
Should the Federal Communications Commission threaten the licenses of TV stations who report stories disputed by the federal government?
In the wake of recent hurricanes, has Puerto Rico received less attention from the U.S. government than Texas and Florida?
Can Kevin de Leon succeed in defeating Diane Feinstein in the California Senate Democratic primary?
Is Rand Paul warming to Donald Trump?
Are questions about President Trump’s mental competence warranted?
Is the American economy still in good health?
Is "taking a knee" during the national anthem an effective form of social protest?
Should President Obama speak-out about his successor's efforts to dismantle his legacy?
Can the United States protect the electoral system from hacking by the next national election?
Will the Supreme Court rule against extreme gerrymandering?
What steps must Republican congressional leaders take to move their priorities forward?
How will disclosures about Harvey Weinstein change Hollywood?
What steps can California's government take to better prepare for the annual threat of wildfires?
A year after President Trump’s election, who currently represents the GOP establishment?
How will the Las Vegas shooting change the debate over gun control?
What would happen to U.S. politics if Puerto Rico became a state?
How will President Trump's anti-Obamacare Executive Orders change the healthcare industry?
How will the proposed Republican tax plan change the United States economy?
What steps must be taken to close the gender gap in pay in America?
What issues can gun control and gun rights advocates come to agreement upon?
What can the White House communications staff do to improve its relationship with the press?
What are the prime factors driving America’s opioid crisis?